Miss Betty B. Kirby, Galveston, Texas.
Every time I feel the spirit.
Every time I feel the spirit moving in my heart, I will pray.
Moving in my heart, I will pray.
Up on the mountain, when my God spoke, out of his mouth came fire and smoke.
Looked all around me, it looked so fine, till I asked my Lord if all were mine.
Every time I feel the spirit.
moving in my heart i will pray every time i feel the spirit moving in my heart i will pray there ain't but one train upon this track it runs through heaven i'm right back oh my lord's done just what he said heal the sick
I'm raised to death.
Every time I feel the spirit moving in my heart, I will pray.
Every time I feel the spirit
Moving in my heart, I will pray every time I feel the spirit moving in my heart.
I will pray.